# Notflix API

The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io) using MongoDB hosted on MLabs.

## Running the Server

to start the server you should have Node.js and run the NPM instaled. 
Clone the repo and then run

`npm install`

Allow the packages to fully install and then you should be able to run

`node .` from the command line

This should start your server on localhost:3000. You will see something that looked like it's broken. That's a good sign!

Travel to [http://localhost:3000/explorer](http://localhost:3000/explorer) and you'll see our available models. Click `movies` to see all the available routes for that model. Click `Users` for the same.

You can click on one of the protocols and test the API directly from the explorer. Or travel to `http://localhost:3000/api/movies` to see all the movies listed. The current schema is:

	{
		"title": "Superbad",
		"run_time": "90min",
		"genre": "comedy",
		"description": "Hinjinks ensue -- we can deletethis at any time",
		"id": "59e44e0e30fd4a2db463605f"
	}
 
We can edit this schema at any point in time. We might not need it at all. 

## React Front End Should be in client_src directory

Okay, so we are running React in development so all client facing files should be in the `client_src` directory so we can keep our *servers separate* and then production ready application can run on the same port at the server.

For now the React app should run on `port 3001` which is in the config file. 

### cd client_src/

You may need to run `npm install` again, I'm not totally sure, but once it's ready you can either run

`npm start` or `yarn start` to get the basic react package started!